Re: #1534 Update models document page to cover gpt-5 use cases (#1535)
openai/openai-agents-python: docs/models/index.md

-   **Recommended**: the [`OpenAIResponsesModel`][agents.models.openai_responses.OpenAIResponsesModel], which calls OpenAI APIs using the new [Responses API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/responses).
-   The [`OpenAIChatCompletionsModel`][agents.models.openai_chatcompletions.OpenAIChatCompletionsModel], which calls OpenAI APIs using the [Chat Completions API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat).

## OpenAI models

When you don't specify a model when initializing an `Agent`, the default model will be used. The default is currently [`gpt-4.1`](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4.1), which offers a strong balance of predictability for agentic workflows and low latency.

> If you want to switch to other models like [`gpt-5`](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-5), there are two ways to configure your agents.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to switch to other models like [`gpt-5`](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-5), follow the steps in the next section.
```
